For the development of Tokyo, the election committee must work all the levels of their efforts.
I have worked hard here, and added great value.
As for his secondary punches, he isn't in the behavior of the emperor.
Since Ayove started to practice it, he has learned many arts again.
What he stopped Jackie Chan from adjusting actually allowed him to adjust to the situation in every class.
At last from early dawn,
people who weave delicious
cloth and warm
Well, the fact our nation is serious about its businesses is now important.
The future of Japan.
When will the future of Japan come?
You are in the hands of the youth.
I hope you will make this today's attack a success.
We are ready toJustice Your Excellential Youth,
Reduce mitigable國不意 non- spun Japan
the competitive performance of theuls above is,
Thank you for watching!